Man who run in front of car get tired, like this pull request.
Pull request fail is problem. If I sneeze on my ice cube tray, is that also a problem?
Grease monkey who go to bed without bathing wake up oily in the morning, like this pull request.
Man who eat many prunes get good run for money. This run make no good for the honey.
Baseball is wrong - man with four balls cannot walk. Pull request with one fail will not prevail.
If you want to see mankind's real fog of war, take a look at the dark side of Pluto on Google Maps with webGL. Or at this pull request.
Pull request fail doesn't determine who is right, but diminishes what little self worth you have left.
Resistence is futile! And so is this pull request.
Developer who fight with continuous integration all day get no sleep at night.
Man who aspire for green check is good. Man who get red check mostly perspire.
Man who code like hell bound to get there. Looks like you've arrived.
Man who lives in glass house should not remove pants when programming.
Man who fishes in other man's code often catches bugs. You've got bugs.
You should generally not eat colored snow. If yellow snow is a pull request in progress, well you just got red.
Support bacteria -- it's the only culture you have after this pull request.
He who sitteth on an upturned tack shall surely rise. He who sit on failed test is surely mess.
A yawn is a silent scream for coffee. This pull request is a very loud scream.
Even the greatest of whales is helpless in middle of desert. Hello, whale.
Man who sit on tack get point! Man who submit this pull request need joint.
Due to a shortage of robots, our staff is composed of humans and may react unpredictably when abused.
Man who jumps off cliff, jumps to conclusion! Man who open this pull request, just has confusion.
Man that is stuck in pantry has his ass in jam. Man that open this pull request, just damn.
Man standing on toilet is high on pot. Man standing in code is high on node.
Developer not permanent fixture until screwed on pull request.
Man who live in glass house should wear pants while programming.
Man that go to bed with itchy butt wake up with sticky fingers!
When called an idiot sometimes is better to be quiet, than open mouth and remove all doubt.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some people just don't have film! Everyone is a good programmer, until they fail a pull request.
Sweet dreams are made of cheese... who am I to diss a brie? Sweet code passes test... or is stinky like the rest.
I thought America was already great, but what really sealed the deal was the KFC Fried Chicken Scented Candle.
Wash your face in the morning, neck at night. Nothing will wash this pull request.
He who eats too many prunes, sits on toilet many moons. Eat prunes, and fix code during that time.
Work to become, not to acquire. Program to learn, not to perspire.
I reached for my mouse... grabbed an avocado instead. Try again.
Bug in code need exterminator. Bug in programmer need terminator.
Man who tell one too many light bulb jokes will soon burn out, like this pull request.
One could predict light bulb age based on bug accumulation in the fixture. Lots of bugs here.
Man who behaves like an ass will be the butt of those who crack jokes. Man who write bad code on crack.
Man who run behind car get exhausted. Man who run in front of car get tired. Man who open bad pull request just get expired.
Man with one chopstick go hungry. Man with no keyboard also go hungry.
The inevitable outcome of spontaneously generating drain flies is that everything electronic and dear to me is completely covered in Windex.
A bug in the hair is one less in the mouth. And as luck would have it, most bugs that wind up in the mouth have hair.
Found pair of underwear in pant leg. It's been there all day. Found bug in this pull request, nothing to say.
He who thinks only of number one must remember this number is next to nothing.
Man who farts in church sits in his own pew! Man who farts while coding probably makes doodoo.
